OLS-1742: Update doc for UI change (#93161)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-creating-the-credentials-secret-using-web-console.adoc

.Procedure 

> . Click the *Quick create* icon in the upper-right corner of the {ocp-short-name} web console and select *Import YAML*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click  *Quick create* (image:fa-plus-circle.png[title="Quick create menu"]) menu in the upper-right corner of the {ocp-short-name} web console and select *Import YAML*.
```

Author: done
